README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Sheikah Converter

![version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ametis70/sheikah-converter?style=flat-square&filename=packages/lib/package.json)
![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ametis70/sheikah-converter?style=flat-square)
![build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ametis70/sheikah-converter/main.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square)
![tests](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat-square&url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/ametis70/1e9d8b2af65d638f46cae48dbf282807/raw/sheikah-converter-junit-tests.json)
![coverage](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat-square&url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/ametis70/1e9d8b2af65d638f46cae48dbf282807/raw/sheikah-converter-cobertura-coverage.json)

The Sheikah Converter is a TypeScript project that comprises a library and a CLI tool to convert<br />
**The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild** save files between console formats (Wii U <-> Switch)

[Library](https://github.com/ametis70/sheikah-converter/tree/main/packages/lib#readme) •
[CLI](https://github.com/ametis70/sheikah-converter/tree/main/packages/cli#readme)

</div>

## Notes

The library part of Sheikah Converter is based on [DeltaJordan's BotW-Save-Manager](https://github.com/DeltaJordan/BotW-Save-Manager).

Also, the save files used on the tests were taken from [Torphedo's BOTW-CompletedSaveFile](https://github.com/Torphedo/BOTW-CompletedSaveFile). Those were extremely useful for debugging, as Torphedo provided save files for both consoles.

Commit message:

docs: update readmes with installation instructions

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Sheikah Converter

![version](https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/ametis70/sheikah-converter?style=flat-square&filename=packages/lib/package.json)
![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ametis70/sheikah-converter?style=flat-square)
![build](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/ametis70/sheikah-converter/main.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square)
![tests](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat-square&url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/ametis70/1e9d8b2af65d638f46cae48dbf282807/raw/sheikah-converter-junit-tests.json)
![coverage](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?style=flat-square&url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/ametis70/1e9d8b2af65d638f46cae48dbf282807/raw/sheikah-converter-cobertura-coverage.json)

Sheikah Converter is a project that comprises a library and a CLI tool to convert<br />
**The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild** save files between console formats (Wii U <-> Switch)

[Library](https://github.com/ametis70/sheikah-converter/tree/main/packages/lib#readme) •
[CLI](https://github.com/ametis70/sheikah-converter/tree/main/packages/cli#readme)

</div>

## Installation and usage

To learn how to install and use the packages from Sheikah Converter, check the documentation on the links above.

## Notes

The library part of Sheikah Converter is based on [DeltaJordan's BotW-Save-Manager](https://github.com/DeltaJordan/BotW-Save-Manager).

Also, the save files used on the tests were taken from [Torphedo's BOTW-CompletedSaveFile](https://github.com/Torphedo/BOTW-CompletedSaveFile). Those were extremely useful for debugging, as Torphedo provided save files for both consoles.
